Operational Description:
This is a flash joule heating device. This device will charge a bank of capacitors and discharge the capacitors under the control of a human operator.
The MCU in this project will monitor two input buttons ( "CHARGING" and "FIRE") from an operator's station, and 
two other inputs: one input from a negative pressure controller, and one input from a voltage controller. 
It will utilize the 1602 lcd screen with I2C communication to monitor the operational status of the program. T
here are to be six outputs: "Power" indicator LED, "Charging" (PWM) indicator LED, "Fire" indicator LED, an "SCR" fire signal, "Control Relay1," and "Control Relay 2."


Upon power up (startup): 
The output for the Power LED will be HIGH.
The lcd screen will display:
Page 1. CYBORTRONX, centered on the first line.
Page 2. FLASH JOULE, centered on the first line and HEATING, centered on the second line.
Page 3. Date of revision MM/DD/YYYY, centered on the first line.
Page 4. WAITING, centered on the first line and FOR INPUT, centered on the second line. Delay can be used on the startup.


When the MCU gets a LOW input signal from the Charging button, the Charging LED will slowly strobe. 
The lcd screen will update to SYSTEM, centered on the first line and CHARGING, centered on the second line. 
Outputs for Control Relay 1 and Control Relay 2 will be HIGH. 

The MCU will monitor inputs from the negative pressure controller and the voltage controller. 
When the MCU receives a HIGH signal from both the pressure controller and the voltage controller at the same time, 
the Charging LED output PWM will be 100%, the lcd screen will update to SYSTEM, centered on the first line and READY TO FIRE, centered on the second line. 
The Fire LED will flash every 1000 milliseconds. 


Once the system is ready to fire, the MCU will monitor a LOW input from the FIRE button. 
When the MCU receives input from the FIRE button, Control Relay 1 and Control Relay 2 outputs will be LOW. 
Fire LED will flash every 250 milliseconds for 2000 milliseconds, and then the SCR fire output will be HIGH for 200 milliseconds.


After the system has fired, the system will return to the Page 4  lcd screen display, and the charging sequence will repeat.